One of the natural wonders of the world is Mount Tumalumma between China and Nepal.
It is the highest mountain in the world at 8,844.43 meters.
The first people to climb to the top were Sir Edmund Hillary of New Zealand and Tenzing
Norge of Nepal in 1953.
The Empire State Building in New York in the US is one of the tallest buildings in the
world and it's also one of the modern wonders.
It is 381 meters to the top and has 102 floors.
Much smaller, although thousands of years older, is the great pyramid at Giza in Egypt.
It was about 146 meters tall when it was first built, but over the years it has lost about
9 meters, so it is now about 137 meters tall.
It's about 4,500 years old and is one of the ancient wonders of the world.